and hello guys how are I, and I'm
in minecraft and this time I bring you a
tutorial very fast that where
we will learn how to make a human cannon
good what we need is obsidian
dynamite reddish stone and a button
The first thing we have to do is a
5 x 5 square
well in square
of 5 fast
OK
so then we put subsidizing around
in this way
we put obsidian here in the middle
and we remove these blocks that are here
and instead of this obsidian we have
we say, instead of this, that
we have obsidian
well and we put it here in the middle 12
obsidian and ready
now we just need to fill it with
dynamite
well all around and around the
dynamite we put reddish stone
and a button and it's ready this we
can serve to reach high places
or just for fun and good we're going to
prove it
well sometimes you can get a little more
If you do this, I recommend that you
have an iron armor of or of
diamond and preferably it's
delighted if they can not get to die anymore
be it for the lieutenant or for the impact of
the fall and well that is necessary that
that should be in survival but
that since if they are in creative no no
it will work for them because since they do not
can harm the planet
well I would not throw it up so
If you want to try it but it's not going to
function
and well this is all very fast must of
be in the center and when you activate it
in jumping so that it does not get higher
it may be that sometimes it does not work
but even if they have several stack of
dynamite well ni
does not matter
good a utility that can do you
for this canyon they can use it as
fast lift like this to get to a
very high place very quickly
good
we just activate it I hope it works
we jump
and ready good has not reached you
I recommend doing it a bit higher for
that they always arrive since here the fact
up to mere above the lighthouse as it is
very high because it can not work well
good sometimes if it works but sometimes
do not
well this is this has been everything yes I think
that I have not left anything nothing that
explain well I'm Jim and see you
then goodbye
and this one I forgot I recommend you
if they do not do it in a cave or
underground or if there are constructions
around because this can happen
As you can see, they are destroying from below but
above does not
It's a funny thing
I must also mention that I already have
50 asus and good 51 and well that puts me
very happy thank you all for each
day we are growing a little more good
Thank you
until another goodbye